Changes to readme for Photogram-Final (#60)
firstdraft/appdev-chapters: photogram-final.md

You can use the `model` generator to add your tables, or you can use [the `draft_generators`](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/773) to add the tables _and_ give yourself a big head start on routes, controllers, actions, and view templates.

You should also consider adding [association accessor methods](https://association-accessors.firstdraft.com/) to your models to make your job easier. [Validations to protect data integrity](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/845) are important as well.

> When a `FollowRequest` is created you will have to check if the recipient of the request is a private User. If they are private, the `status` column of the `FollowRequest` should be set to `"pending"`. If they are not private the `status` should be set to `"accepted"`. If a user has a private account, all `"pending"` `FollowRequests` should appear on their details page with the option to accept. Accepting will change the `status` from `"pending"` to `"accepted"`, while rejecting should set the `status` to `"rejected"`.

Reviewer: @pmckernin nice edits. I think maybe this could use a heading, like for Feed and Discovery.

"you will have to" => "you need to" - the rest of the sentences are in present tense so it seemed weird that this one wasn't.

I thought spacing out the instructions might make them easier to read.

```suggestion
### Follow Requests

When a `FollowRequest` is created you need to check if the recipient of the request is a private User. If they are private, the `status` column of the `FollowRequest` should be set to `"pending"`. If they are _not_ private the `status` should be set to `"accepted"`.

If a user has a private account, all `"pending"` received `FollowRequests` should appear on their details page with the option to accept. Accepting should change the `status` from `"pending"` to `"accepted"`, while rejecting should set the `status` to `"rejected"`.
```

Author: I agree with you.

### Feed and Discovery

> The `Feed` link should go to `users/:username/feed` and show all of the photos from every person that user is following. The `Discovery` link will route to `users/:username/discovery` and should all photos that are liked by the people the user is following.

Reviewer: > The `Feed` link should go to `users/:username/feed`
> The `Discovery` link will route to `users/:username/discovery`

Do these need to be mentioned? It should be in the names of the test and also in the target.

Reviewer: @pmckernin 
Also I think this could be improved with either:

> show all of the photos posted from each person that user is following. 

or

> show all of the photos posted from the people that user is following. 

I think specifying "posted" since there are multiple relationships between users and photos.

Author: I broke up feed and discovery into two different headers. Let me know what you think

> ### Image uploads

Reviewer: Perhaps "uploads" should be capitalized, like how "Feed" and "Discovery" were capitalized?
```suggestion
### Image Uploads
```

Author: Agree

> In the target, images are added to the database through image uploads. Please see the chapter on [images uploades](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/790) for more information.

Reviewer: I think we could make the target behavior more clear by comparing it to how we've been doing image uploads before.

Maybe something like:
```suggestion
In the target, users add images by uploading files instead of entering image URLs into a text field. Please see the chapter on [images uploades](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/790) for more information.
```

What do you think, @pmckernin ?

Author: I like this change

> In the target, users add images by uploading files instead of entering image URLs into a text field. Please see the chapter on [images uploades](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/790) for more information.

Reviewer: Small typo
```suggestion
In the target, users add images by uploading files instead of entering image URLs into a text field. Please see the chapter on [images uploads](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/790) for more information.
```

You can use the `model` generator to add your tables, or you can use [the `draft_generators`](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/773) to add the tables _and_ give yourself a big head start on routes, controllers, actions, and view templates.

You should also consider adding [association accessor methods](https://association-accessors.firstdraft.com/) to your models to make your job easier. [Validations to protect data integrity](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/845) are important as well.

### Follow Requests

When a `FollowRequest` is created you need to check if the recipient of the request is a private User. If they are private, the `status` column of the `FollowRequest` should be set to `"pending"`. If they are _not_ private the `status` should be set to `"accepted"`.

If a user has a private account, all `"pending"` received `FollowRequests` should appear on their details page with the option to accept. Accepting should change the `status` from `"pending"` to `"accepted"`, while rejecting should set the `status` to `"rejected"`.

### Feed 

> The **Feed** link should show all of the photos from every person that the user is following. For example, if I am following Jelani, I should see all of Jelani's posted photos. 

Reviewer: Maybe phrase this as, "clicking the Feed link" instead of just "the link should show you".

```suggestion
Clicking the **Feed** link should show all of the photos from every person that the user is following. For example, if I am following Jelani, I should see all of Jelani's posted photos. 
```

### Discovery

> The **Discovery** link should show all of the photos liked by the people I am following. For example, if I am following Jelani and he has liked seven different photos, all of those photos should be visible in my discovery section. 

Reviewer: Same with Discovery, I think this should be phrased as "clicking the discovery link"

> Clicking the **Discovery** link should show all of the photos liked by the people I am following. For example, if I am following Jelani and he has liked seven different photos, all of those photos should be visible in my discovery section. 

Reviewer: Minor comment: To keep consistent with the previous paragraph, this should be worded as "liked by the people the user is following."

Author: I just read this and made this change

You can use the `model` generator to add your tables, or you can use [the `draft_generators`](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/773) to add the tables _and_ give yourself a big head start on routes, controllers, actions, and view templates.

You should also consider adding [association accessor methods](https://association-accessors.firstdraft.com/) to your models to make your job easier. [Validations to protect data integrity](https://chapters.firstdraft.com/chapters/845) are important as well.

> When a `FollowRequest` is created you will have to check if the recipent of the rquest is private.  If they are private, the `status` of the `FollowRequest` should be set to `"pending"`.  If they are not private the `status` can be set to `"accepted"`.  If a user has a private account, all `"pending"` `FollowRequests` should appear on their details page with the option to accept. Accepting will change the `status` to `"accepted"`, while rejecting should set the `status` to `"rejected"`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `FollowRequest` is created you will have to check if the recipient of the request is a private User.  If they are private, the `status` column of the `FollowRequest` should be set to `"pending"`.  If they are not private the `status` should be set to `"accepted"`.  If a user has a private account, all `"pending"` `FollowRequests` should appear on their details page with the option to accept. Accepting will change the `status`  from `"pending"` to `"accepted"`, while rejecting should set the `status` to `"rejected"`. 
```

@pmckernin I made a couple typo fixes and suggested edits.

### Feed and Discovery

> While there are no grades for this section, as an extra challege and to pass all the tests, there are two links on a users details page for `Feed` and `Discovery`.  The `Feed` link should go to `users/:username/feed` and show all of the photos from every person that user is following.  The `Discovery` link will route to `users/:username/discovery` and should all photos that are liked by the people the user is following. 

Reviewer: @pmckernin you seem to start every sentence with two spaces in between. Is that intentional?

Author: That was just how I learned it back in grade school.  I just looked up an article about that and I guess it is outdated.  I guess it is time to make the switch to single spaces.
